# 0.20.0 - Ergonomics, Observer overhaul

## Observer overhaul

The script loading pipeline became more idiomatic with the use of observers.

What you would do previously with `TransitionListener` implementations you can now do with observers registered against each machine state, for example, to react to fresh scripts being loaded you can do the following:

```rust
app.add_observer(
    |trigger: On<LoadingCompleted>| println!("do stuff"),
);
```

## Callback command changes

Callback commands now accept a `post_callback` function pointer which can be set to execute some logic right after the callback runs, to make working with observers and callbacks easier in general.

## Ironing out edge cases in the script lifecycle

Contexts are now stored in a `Context` enum which also contains the "state" of the context. Contexts which are being processed by the pipeline will be marked as loading/reloading or unloading, allowing us to have more information when trying to run callbakcs against these.

Callbacks which are loading or unloading for example, will not have callbacks issued to them generally.

## Renaming Reflection Rroxies

`Val<T>`, `Ref<T>` and `Mut<T>` have been renamed to prevent clashes with native bevy types, as well as save a few keystrokes.

You should use: `V<T>`, `R<T>` and `M<T>` instead

## Addition of logging bindings

Standard `log_info`, `log_debug`, `log_trace`, `log_warn` and `log_error` functions are now available in scripts by default

## Variadic bindings & Support for multiple return values

The `ArgMeta` trait now includes: `variadic() -> bool` which if true, allows an argument in a binding to capture all remaining arguments from the call (effectively only usable as the last argument).

This is implemented by the brand new `VariadicTuple` type, which is an untyped wrapper for a variable amount of non-homogenous values.

New variants in the `TypedThrough` and `LAD` file format have ben added to represent variadics, and lua definition files generated from these will support them.

Two bindings have been added: `pack_args` and `unpack_args` to allow script code to directly create/unpack tuple variants if necessary. However for languages like Lua, supporting multiple return values, `ScriptValue::Tuple` variants (which is what we produce to represent variadic returns), are converted to many return values naturally.

# New `VecDeque` impls

`VecDeque` now implements various BMS traits and can be used in bindings as a normal argument.

# Improved domain boundaries - Extracted `bevy_mod_scripting_world` crate

The following types were extracted into their own crate:
- `ReflectAccessId` now known as `WorldAccessRange`
- `ClaimOwner`
- `AccessInstance`
- `AccessMap`
- `DynamicSystemMeta`
- `WorldGuard` & `WorldAccessGuard`

the `CachedRegistry` trait was introduced to store registries such as:
- `AppScriptComponentRegistry`
- `AppReflectAllocator`
- `AppScheduleRegistry`
- `AppScriptFunctionRegistry` 

etc. in a type-erased way.

This allowed `bevy_mod_scripting_display` to directly rely on world types, and removed a lot of awkward bridging code.