# [`bevy_mod_scripting`](https://github.com/makspll/bevy_mod_scripting/) 0.9.0 is out!

## Summary
- The entire crate was completely re-written
- We cut down the number of crates, moving most common functionality into the core crate and removing all the horrible macros
- All of the systems have been made more robust and testable
- The crate is now completely panic free!
- The script lifecycle is automatically tied to script assets, loading and unloading assets and placing `ScriptComponent`'s on entities is all you need to do to manage the complexities of creating, updating, deleting and hot-loading script state.
- A new `ScriptValue` abstraction allows us to centrally define and register dynamic script functions which automatically register their type dependencies with the `AppTypeRegistry`
- New language implementations do not need to re-implement all of the bevy bindings, they simply need to provide a dynamic calling mechanism, and dispatch operators to the right functions
- Bevy bindings generation is completely decoupled from `mlua`, in fact the BMS crate gets injected into the process of compiling `bevy` and in doing so we can look for types which implement `IntoScript` and `FromScript`, allowing us to react to changes in those trait implementations in picking which functions to generate registrations for.
- We now publish a brand new [book](https://makspll.github.io/bevy_mod_scripting/), which should help onboard new consumers and make the crate much easier to use!
- The entire dev experience has been transformed thanks to the `xtask` pattern, contributing to `BMS` has never been easier!

## Removed
- We removed `tealr` and the `teal` integration, meaning interacting with Lua is much simpler.

## On pause
- We put documentation generation features as well as `rune` support on pause, to accelerate going forward. But there is nothing stopping us from re-implementing those features, and in fact generating documentation will be infinitely easier given we have trait level access to all dynamic functions!

## Migration Guide
I am not publishing a migration guide, simply because the easiest way to migrate to 0.9.0 is to start from scratch! EVERYTHING is different, and hence I'd reccomend walking through the docs, and re-implenenting the crate.

## Changelog
See a detailed changelog [here](https://github.com/makspll/bevy_mod_scripting/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)
